docs: Change Assign usage for Name (#2194)
unoplatform/uno.extensions: doc/Learn/Markup/HowTo-CustomMarkupProject-Toolkit.md

    ```csharp
    new Button()
		.Content("Go to Second Page")
		.Name(out var navigationButton),
    ```

>     The main ideia here is to create a button that have assign itself, through the `Name` extension method, the output variable named in this case as `navigationButton`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The main idea here is to create a button that has to assign itself, through the `Name` extension method, the output variable named in this case is `navigationButton`.
```

>     After that we need to add a Click EventHandler to add the Navigation using the Frame.Navigate. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    After that, we need to add a Click EventHandler to add the Navigation using the Frame.Navigate. 
```

    ```csharp
    new ChipGroup()
		.Name(out var chipGroup)
		.Items(
			
			new Chip()
				.Margin(5)
				.Content("Chip 3")
				.Name(out var chipElement)
		)
    ```

>     And we need to add the event handlers  on our code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    And we need to add the event handlers to our code.
```
